README.md, before:

# Swaloka Looping Tool

A professional desktop automation tool designed for creators who need to efficiently merge background videos with sequential audio or video clips. Built for high performance on both Windows and macOS.

## What is Swaloka Looping Tool?

Swaloka Looping Tool simplifies the process of creating long-form or repetitive video content. Whether you're building background music streams, educational content, or social media loops, this tool automates the tedious task of aligning audio tracks with visual backgrounds.

## Key Features

- **Sequential Merging**: Automatically extracts audio from your source clips and merges them one after another against a single background video.
- **Professional Dashboard**: A sleek, "Premiere-style" dark interface designed for creative professionals who need focus and clarity.
- **Smart Hardware Detection**: Automatically detects your computer's GPU (NVIDIA, Intel, or AMD) to ensure the fastest possible export speeds.
- **Full Project Management**: Save your progress as `.swaloka` project files. Move your project folders anywhere and open them with a single click.
- **YouTube Optimized**: Configure your video title, author, and comments directly within the app to have them embedded in your final export.
- **Flexible Exporting**: Choose your desired resolution and quality presets without needing to understand complex video encoding strings.
- **Drag & Drop Workflow**: Easily add your media files by dragging them directly from your computer into the application.

## How It Works

1. **Start a Project**: Create a new project folder where all your logs and outputs will be organized.
2. **Add Background Media**: Select or drop the video that will serve as your visual base.
3. **Add Content Clips**: Drop multiple audio or video files. The tool will sequentially process their audio tracks.
4. **Configure Settings**: Set your YouTube metadata, resolution, and encoding speed.
5. **Export**: Sit back while the tool uses your hardware acceleration to generate your final high-quality video.

## Compatibility

- **macOS**: Native Apple Silicon and Intel support with Metal rendering.
- **Windows**: Full support for Windows 10/11 with high-DPI scaling for 4K monitors.

---
*Swaloka Looping Tool — Creative Video Automation Made Simple.*

Commit message:

docs: Add macOS installation notes and terminal bypass method to README; update Windows installer output directory

README.md, after:

# Swaloka Looping Tool

A professional desktop automation tool designed for creators who need to efficiently merge background videos with sequential audio or video clips. Built for high performance on both Windows and macOS.

## What is Swaloka Looping Tool?

Swaloka Looping Tool simplifies the process of creating long-form or repetitive video content. Whether you're building background music streams, educational content, or social media loops, this tool automates the tedious task of aligning audio tracks with visual backgrounds.

## Key Features

- **Sequential Merging**: Automatically extracts audio from your source clips and merges them one after another against a single background video.
- **Professional Dashboard**: A sleek, "Premiere-style" dark interface designed for creative professionals who need focus and clarity.
- **Smart Hardware Detection**: Automatically detects your computer's GPU (NVIDIA, Intel, or AMD) to ensure the fastest possible export speeds.
- **Full Project Management**: Save your progress as `.swaloka` project files. Move your project folders anywhere and open them with a single click.
- **YouTube Optimized**: Configure your video title, author, and comments directly within the app to have them embedded in your final export.
- **Flexible Exporting**: Choose your desired resolution and quality presets without needing to understand complex video encoding strings.
- **Drag & Drop Workflow**: Easily add your media files by dragging them directly from your computer into the application.

## How It Works

1. **Start a Project**: Create a new project folder where all your logs and outputs will be organized.
2. **Add Background Media**: Select or drop the video that will serve as your visual base.
3. **Add Content Clips**: Drop multiple audio or video files. The tool will sequentially process their audio tracks.
4. **Configure Settings**: Set your YouTube metadata, resolution, and encoding speed.
5. **Export**: Sit back while the tool uses your hardware acceleration to generate your final high-quality video.

## Compatibility

- **macOS**: Native Apple Silicon and Intel support with Metal rendering.
- **Windows**: Full support for Windows 10/11 with high-DPI scaling for 4K monitors.

## macOS Installation Notes

Since this application is distributed as an independent creative tool, you may see a "Developer cannot be verified" warning on your first launch.

### How to Open the App:
1. Try to open the app normally. When the warning appears, click **Done** (**do NOT click move to trash**).
2. Open your Mac's **System Settings** → **Privacy & Security**.
3. Scroll down to the **Security** section.
4. You will see a message stating "Swaloka Looping Tool was blocked." Click the **Open Anyway** button.

### Quick Terminal Method (For Advanced Users):
If you want to bypass the security check via terminal, run:
```bash
sudo xattr -rd com.apple.quarantine /Applications/Swaloka\ Looping\ Tool.app
```

---
*Swaloka Looping Tool — Creative Video Automation Made Simple.*
